feat: update format (#87)
alchemyplatform/aa-benchmarks: README.md

# AA Benchmarks

> A comprehensive benchmark for smart contract accounts that support account abstraction (ERC-4337), built on Hardhat for accurate, transaction-based fee measurements (see [Methodology](#methodology)) and for use of existing TypeScript utilities around fee calculations. This work was inspired by ZeroDev's work on [aa-benchmark](https://github.com/zerodevapp/aa-benchmark), which is built on Foundry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These comprehensive benchmarks are intended to serve as a resource for evaluating popular ERC-4337 compatible smart contract accounts. They are built on Hardhat for accurate, transaction-based fee measurements (see [Methodology](#methodology)) and for use of existing TypeScript utilities around fee calculations.
```
